Add notify entity platform (#2135)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity/notify.md

---
title: Notify Entity
sidebar_label: Notify
---

A notify entity is an entity that can send a message towards a device or service but remains stateless from the Home Assistant perspective.

A notify entity is derived from the  [`homeassistant.components.notify.NotifyEntity`](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/blob/dev/homeassistant/components/notify/__init__.py),
and can be helpful to send notification messages as (but not limited to):

- an SMS
- an email
- a direct message or chat
- a screen message on a device's LCD display

Unlike a `text` entity the `notify` entity has no state that can be set. Instead it represents the date and time of the last message sent.

> If you want to represent something has a text value that can be changed (and thus have an actual state), you should use a `text` entity instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to represent something that has a text value that can be changed (and thus has an actual state), you should use a `text` entity instead.
```

## Properties

As this integration is stateless, it doesn't provide any specific properties for itself.
Other properties that are common to all entities such as `icon` and `name` etc are still applicable.

## Methods

### Send message

> The send message method can be used to send a message a device or service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The send message method is used to send a message to a device or service.
```

> It is called by Home Assistant when it is called from an automation.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to say this.
```suggestion
```
